# Project-7

A critical part to delivering highly-available services is writing test codeLinks to an external site.. The API you built was expected to conform to certain requirements (in this case, they were expressed in the class project description; in a real-world scenario, they would be delivered as a set of business requirements, or possibly a previously agreed-upon contract with third-party clients). Up to this point you have been making changes to your API, and then manually testing the results using a tool like curlLinks to an external site., or httpieLinks to an external site., or perhaps a web browser. This part of the project will have you replacing that manual step with some code that will test each endpoint in an automated way.

You can use any technology or language you want to write your tests (Python, Ruby, shell, etc), but I will be able to provide the best guidance if you stick to Python (you should really consider using the requestsLinks to an external site. module). Additionally, while you could write your tests directly inside your API code, I want you to actually make an HTTP call to each endpoint as part of the test. This has a few implications:

In order to run your tests, your API needs to be running and available to the test code (that is, your test code must have network access to the running API). This could mean that your test code and API are both running on the same machine, and the API is accessed via localhost, or it could mean that you point your test code to a deployed API on the public internet.
You should ensure that each separate endpoint in your API is tested.
You should also think about testing each endpoint with multiple inputs; what happens when an endpoint that expects an integer is passed a string? Or a null value? You should try and write code to break your API; every time you find a hole in your API code and fix it, you make the API that much more resilient.
You should consider that I have my own automated test suite (you’ve already seen this by now). You should assume that I may add new checks or tests at any time, and I’m pretty good at picking inputs that will cause problems with your API. The more tests you write, the better protected you will be against me finding gaps in your API implementation (in other words, the better your test coverage will be).
Finally, the code you write should be able to run in a fully automated (unattended) manner, and should conform to standard UNIX return code conventionsLinks to an external site., meaning that if all tests pass successfully, then your code should return 0.
The grading for this project will be looking primarily at the test coverage (see above) that you demonstrate, and (as always), what the record of collaboration in GitHub and Slack shows me about your team's affinity and effective communication. Please submit the URL to the GitHub repo that contains your test code (it can be a new, separate repo, or it can just be a new directory in your existing API repo), and also a screenshot of your test suite results.
